docs: sync visualization docs with source (pt5) (#126816)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/panels-visualizations/visualizations/trend/index.md

# Trend

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
The trend visualization is in beta.
{{< /admonition >}}

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

- No multi-timezone x-axis
- No ability to change the dashboard time range using drag-selection

> Trend visualizations support one query frame with at least two numeric fields. The x-field must use ascending numeric values. If the values aren't ascending, Grafana shows an error.

Reviewer: > Trend visualizations support one query frame with at least two numeric fields.

interesting, i wonder if this is misleading, given that with a join transformation that is recommended in the multi-frame case, it easily supports multiple frames just like TimeSeries (the main difference here is we don't auto-join, which is what we do with all time type fields in TimeSeries)

Author: Does this help?
```suggestion
Trend visualizations require at least two numeric fields. The x-field must use ascending numeric values. If the values aren't ascending, Grafana shows an error. When multiple frames or queries exist, you should use a [join transformation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/visualizations/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/) on the x-fields to produce a single frame.
```

Reviewer: can be shortened to something like

> Trend visualizations require at least two numeric fields. The x-field must use ascending numeric values. If the values aren't ascending, Grafana shows an error. When multiple frames or queries exist, a join transformation should be used on the x-fields to produce a single frame.

### Graph styles options

> The options under the **Graph styles** section let you control the general appearance of the graph, excluding [color](#standard-options). These options apply to non-time x-axis series.

Reviewer: > non-time x-axis series

i was confused by this. my brain grouped it as "x-axis series", which is not a thing.

it maybe should be `non-time-x-axis`, or better "numeric-x series"

Author: ```suggestion
The options under the **Graph styles** section let you control the general appearance of the graph, excluding [color](#standard-options). These options apply to numeric-x series.
```
